hello again my fellow youtubers I'm back
again with another juice review today
I'm going back to Mount Baker vapor I
did in my first youtube video was a I
think four flavors from Mount Baker I'm
going back to to do a couple more that
I've recently found them that I like I'm
going to start with banana cream pie and
also have for review solar flare alright
so let me start with banana cream pie
god I got this about a month ago have
been vape double lock because I've got a
bunch of other juices but I did like it
a lot I wanted I wanted to let it steep
for a good while and come back to it
which I recently have done and it has
turned into a really really nice flavor
you know the description shows the stock
photo just a banana cream pie you know
the banana the cream that like the Nilla
wafer tastes a crust of some kind and
overall this really adds a great sweet
flavor not heavy on banana and just
creamy and really really good very sweet
got this in 7030 actually no I got this
in a 65 35 sorry can I got this at 12
milligrams per liter and I got two extra
shots of flavor that's how mouth bigger
does things which is nice I'm going to
take a tune on it to show you because
it's got a nice amount of vapor and the
flavors fantastic there we go get the
Rings going good happy about that
wonderful wonderful creamy banana you
know like banana pudding kind of reminds
me of that banana cream pie obviously
anything in that realm of sweet banana
desserts this hits at all and it's
really really good take another hit mmm
that is good very good flavor good job
Mount Baker all right now moving off
just just gonna be a quick video the
solar flare this is great all of my
friends are actually gaga over this one
my good friend Dominic this is all day
vape my wife this is her all day vape
they're both loving it I love it too you
know it's not my all day vape this the
citrusy nature of it
kind of turns me off for an all day but
it's uh it's pretty good you know
reminds me of kind of like a pez candy
or Pixy Stix you know the sugary tart
fruity flavors of the older some of the
older candies from when I was young it's
really good it's a lemon citrus and
menthol there's a slight bit immense all
in there not a huge amount you'd mostly
get the citrusy notes that's really good
mm-hmm very I mean love it my wife like
I said this is her bottle this is her 50
milliliter bottle she goes through 50
mils probably in two two and a half
weeks and that's all she babes she
doesn't like to experiment with flavors
so that's it for her and I don't want to
make too much of it but it's really
really good if you're everything if
you're thinking about getting solar
flare do it because of all the I've had
hawk sauce I'm curious to try Twilight
and some of their other specialty
mentally fruit flavors they have a few
of these in the same vein and solar
flare and I think solar flare is the
best I don't know the reviews on they're
all stunning and I'll agree with them
because it's really really good
excellent I mean just to follow up Mount
Baker is it I don't know how they do it
every time you order over $15 you place
in order / 15 they send you a free 15
milliliters sample I address that my
last video they haven't stopped doing it
apparently it's just their thing which
is great you know that's that's amazing
I don't know how they can afford to keep
doing that but uh kudos to them to send
you the same nicotine you ordered no
extra flavor shots but it's it's a
legitimate full size 15 milliliter
bottle usually like beta flavors flavors
that haven't come out yet they usually
try to test them with the free samples
and I've gotten a bunch of I've actually
amassed quite a collection just of the
free samples that they've sent me over
the past three months I think and so in
Mount Baker is a company if you want a
lot of juice for a little price that is
the place to go and it's just an added
bonus that it tastes great and that the
quality is top notch so you know Mount
Baker keep it up I hope you can keep
affording to do what you guys do because
you get a lot of service when you order
from them and that's it just a quick
video thanks guys have a go